Rn okta364354 remove dev console (#1905)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/style-the-widget/customization-examples/index.md

Elsewhere in your file, using the method above, you can inspect the client ID and take action. For example, if you had a CSS file on your server that was for a particular client's CSS:

> > **Note:** To locate the `clientId` for an app, from the Admin Console open the **Applications** menu and then select **Applications**. Select the App that you need the `clientId` for, select the **General** tab, and then in the **Client Credentials** section, copy the ID from the **Client ID** box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** To locate the `clientId` for an app, from the Admin Console side navigation, select **Applications** and then **Applications**. Select the App that you need the `clientId` for, select the **General** tab, and then in the **Client Credentials** section, copy the ID from the **Client ID** box.
```
